Doc ref to localhost assumes a local server (#2421)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started.adoc

To generate a step snippet with the Snippet Generator:

> . Navigate to the *Pipeline Syntax* link (referenced above) from a configured Pipeline, or at `\$\{YOUR_JENKINS_URL}/pipeline-syntax[localhost:8080/pipeline-syntax`.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the *Pipeline Syntax* link (referenced above) from a configured Pipeline, or at `\$\{YOUR_JENKINS_URL}/pipeline-syntax`.
```

> . Navigate to the *Pipeline Syntax* link (referenced above) from a configured Pipeline, or at link:http://localhost:8080/pipeline-syntax[localhost:8080/pipeline-syntax], assuming you have a Jenkins instance running on localhost port 8080.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the *Pipeline Syntax* link (referenced above) from a configured Pipeline, or at `${YOUR_JENKINS_URL}/pipeline-syntax`.
```

Author: Agreed.  Thanks.  I've included it in c098a319493481a7a9c6433af912461393eccf89
